my guest tonight is making his first
appearance on our show he is one of my
and everyone's favorites he has an
excellent new stand-up comedy special
called jerry seinfeld
23 hours to kill it comes out on netflix
today please welcome jerry seinfeld hi
jerry
hey jimmy how's it going it's going good
now i feel underdressed i figured that
since you were in the house i mean
you're the first person
who's dressed up on the show from home i
am a real
professional comedian and this is my
first time on your show i thought this
was kind of a big moment
i know now i feel i wanted to i wanted a
dress
how are you like how are you handling
your hair are you letting anyone touch
your head during the pandemic is
haircut are those okay because it looks
good after this show i have a clipper
and after the show i'm gonna have my
wife just clip it down to about
a half inch and that'll last me about uh
three months you trust her with that
duty
no no but i'm gonna do it anyway are you
in your office right now are you in the
hallway or where yeah this is my office
in my house in long island
nice and then you have records there
do you listen to lgbt i got uh carl
reiner and mel
brooks there bruce robert klein george
carlin on the bottom i set that up
for just for this did you really
yeah sure because i very carefully
picked which cookbooks i would have on
my desk
so that these chefs whom i know will see
them and then we'll be excited only one
of them
has been watching though we'll see if
the other ones tune in hey
have you been watching the espn
bulls michael jordan the last dance i
i'm the last person
uh to log on to that but i will get to
it i know
i will get to it i haven't seen it yet
but i heard about this part
but i don't know what it is oh this is
great okay well let's show the clip so
jerry can see it along with us
okay partner how are you doing good job
these are a couple of your good friends
right here every day we come in and
watch the game
they're watching your show i'm not
saying sooner or later you gotta get
tired of seinfeld
let's go guys hi film
all right have a good game good to see
you all right
all right this is not gonna work by the
way
were you scared of phil jackson no he's
just
too tall you know it's funny because
phil jackson is an
intimidating guy especially when you
feel like you're interrupting some kind
of preparation
and i was wondering because you did seem
a little confused there in the locker
room
yeah well it's not a place i would
normally be
but i did i think i had another
conversation with him
because that was his last season and i
was in the middle of my last season
and i remember teasing him about who do
you think is going to end bigger
him or me what's the most intimidating
you've been with these athletes because
it's a strange thing when you meet
some of these players that you admire
even if in some cases
they are younger than you are you meet
them
and you feel like a boy for whatever
reason
i don't know but i've experienced that
have you had that with
a mets plane yes yes the most
intimidated i ever was is when keith
hernandez came on to my tv series
and i think it was 92
and i had never met a baseball player
and i think the boy thing is because you
know we're so much
physically smaller than them and i
i remember the morning that keith
hernandez was coming on the show
changing my shirt
three times thinking what's the right
should i wear light blue is that too
casual maybe
white too dressy i saw julie louis
dreyfus talking about this someplace and
she said it was funny watching you guys
with keith hernandez it was like she
felt like she didn't even
know know you yeah yeah we were very
intimidated by him while it was 92 they
had just won in 86 so he was still
you know a real idol of mine the met
should be in first place right
now getting our hopes up and then
sliding along the way but are you
missing the baseball season
i mean yeah i mean it's like it's like
the world stopped turning
it's a superman episode it's yeah well i
missed everything
but i but i don't also i just i i i just
uh i have
you know nature just is like this is
like a moment nature says hey by the way
you're nothing compared to me
that's what this moment is and i i i
respect that
we talked about this over the summer you
threw out the first pitch
at citi field and um
and again that is a situation that
returns you to
youth it exposes every insecurity you
have
it's a a no-win situation in
almost every way because you're supposed
to throw
a strike or at least something
resembling a strike
and how do you feel about your your
performance on the mount
well you know how i feel about it
because i told you this is the greatest
accomplishment of my life
my friend comedian chuck martin says
this is the greatest thing you have ever
accomplished in your life because you
had to do all the other things just to
get to that mount
so i got to the mound and i really
wasn't thinking that much about it
and one of the players in the dugout
says hey you want to warm up and i go
warm up what it's a ceremonial pitch
what's the difference
he says you might want to warm up you
know so so i warmed up
in the in the uh locker room and then
i just threw this absolute beauty which
i
think ladies and gentlemen is maybe the
greatest
i mean that is a dead perfect strike
you have a sidearm delivery it's almost
full-sized
delivery that's all that style that's
that's the style
that i like to uh show off yes you've
got like a
kent to culvey style dan quisenberry
delivery yeah i also threw out the first
pitch at uh
at citi field i'd like you to eventually
you and i discussed this
yeah and i and you said you threw from
the we did the same
gentleman jimmy kimmel yeah now
you did very well but i don't think
you're going to get a
call on that i don't think the arm is
going to go up
i was going for still photographs
because i feel like unless you
throw it away they don't even show the
pitch you never see the video unless
something terrible happens right yeah
now this is george w which is considered
one of the greatest opening pitches
and i think he's a little high i think
he's just a bit high there
he had some movement on the ball though
you have to you do have to admit that
let's look at that one more time because
i think you can see he did have a little
bit of movement
wow he's really excited really well and
you've heard him say
this was the most nervous he was in his
eight years
of being president was this moment were
you nervous when you threw out the first
pitch
not until i stood on the rubber and
realized gee
60 feet 6 inches is kind of far and i'm
a 65 year old man
who has never played any organized
baseball in my life
oh really you've never played baseball i
assumed you're a little league guy with
oh well never had a uniform never had
anything
so i am more proud of that than anything
i've ever done
all right we're sharing the sad story of
jerry seinfeld's youth
when we come back we're going to see a
clip from his new comedy special on
netflix we'll be right back
people like to say those kinds of things
it is what you see if you repeat a word
twice in a sentence
you can say that with a lot of
confidence business is business
rules are rules
deal's a deal when we go in there as
long as we know what's what and who's
who
whatever happens happens and it is what
it is
that is jerry seinfeld his specialist
jerry seinfeld
23 hours to kill it is on netflix as
of today i loved it jerry i really
thought it was great
and it was reminded me and i was really
trying to think about what it reminded
me of it
remind me of watching steph curry play
basketball because it looks so
effortless
but it's so fluid and and you know
watching it that even though it looks so
easy that how much skill
and practice and effort went into it and
i have to say my favorite line of the
whole thing and i know this is a little
line
you said nobody likes anything
and i couldn't agree more
nobody likes anything right
yeah are you and jessica your wife
now that you've been in quara teen
together
for quite some time are you getting
along better or worse
um better i think everyone is getting
along better
in in the world right now for the most
part it's
because everyone realizes this uh
you know we have a unifying
enemy and uh i i find that
everybody's trying uh 10 to 12 percent
harder to just be nice don't you find
that
not really no but i am watching cnn all
day so
i have i'm looking at the guy in the
clan hood at the supermarket and i'm
looking at
people shoving a park ranger into a lake
because he told them to
distance themselves from each other but
at my house yes i am trying to behave
i am trying to clean up after myself
which i don't do
usually i'm trying to be a better
husband
and roommate more than anything yes
i i and i enjoy playing that game i
i enjoy you know before i ask for the
ketchup what's the nicest
way you can ask for ketchup i actually
think
hey if no one's using the ketchup
i would love a little more ketchup
instead of just
you know normally i would go give me
that
i'm trying to do that too but
occasionally i'll have an offbeat
and that's well that was one of the
things in in your special
um you're talking about it's not
necessarily what you say the way you say
things that the tone yes the marriage is
a
tone game yes and yeah i think other
the marriage is a is a game of chess
except the board
is water and the pieces are smoke
i like that that's what's going on with
me right now
yeah yeah so no matter what move you
make it will not affect the outcome of
the game
each night we are highlighting a charity
and you and jessica have a charity that
you started
20 years ago it's called the good 20
years foundation
it's designed to help kids and parents
with basic needs these important things
uh for groceries rent all those
sorts of things and that is that is very
important you guys have been doing this
and i heard you got a big donation
from a baseball player uh justin
verlander
and and uh his wife kate upton made it
don't he donated his
salary for the for the year i think or
the day or
so it was a lot of money whatever it was
jess has been doing an
insane job just she's on the phone
all day long getting emergency
grants to social workers to help people
whose lives are really really
threatened by this you know if you don't
have any uh
cushion under you and then it's rent
it's food it's diapers and uh
they've done an amazing job well we are
gonna make a donation to the good plus
foundation we encourage
you to do the same to go to their
website and check them out
jerry i i have to say i loved your
special i am so happy to have you
here i hope that one day if we are ever
allowed out of our homes again
we can convene in los angeles
on a stage with human beings around
thanks jerry seinfeld everybody
we'll be right back